1. A/B Testing Page (/abtest)
Test Case 1: Verify the A/B Testing page loads successfully from the Automation page.
Test Case 2: Verify the headline text is "A/B Test Variation 1" or "A/B Test Control".
Test Case 3: Verify the paragraph text contains "Also known as split testing...".
Test Case 4: Verify navigating back to the Automation page from the A/B Testing page.
2. Add/Remove Elements Page (/addremoveelements)
Test Case 1: Verify the Add/Remove Elements page loads successfully from the Automation page.
Test Case 2: Verify the "Add Element" button is present and clickable.
Test Case 3: Verify the "Remove Element" button is present and clickable.
Test Case 4: Verify max 5 elements can be added.
Test Case 5: Verify 'Add Element' button gets disabled after adding 5th element.
Test Case 6: Verify User is prompted with message "Maximum limit of 5 elements reached." on adding 5 elements
Test Case 7: Verify element input text box and 'Add Element' gets disabled after adding 5 elements.
Test Case 8: Verify clicking a "Remove" button removes last element in displayed list.
Test Case 9: Verify User is prompted with message "No elements to remove." after removing all 5 elements
Test Case 10: Verify navigating back to the Automation page from the Add/Remove Elements page.
Test Case 11: Verify element input text box is enabled after removing all 5 elements from page.
Test Case 12: Hide "Maximum limit of 5 elements reached." messasge when number of items in the provided list are >=4.
Test Case 13: Hide "No elements to remove." message when there is at least one element in the list.
3. Basic Auth Page (/basicauth)
Test Case 1: Verify navigating to the Basic Auth page from the Automation page triggers the Basic Auth prompt.
Test Case 2: Verify entering correct credentials (admin:admin) displays the success message ("Congratulations! You have successfully authenticated…").
Test Case 3: Verify canceling the Basic Auth prompt redirects the user back to the Automation page.
Test Case 4: Verify entering incorrect credentials (e.g., user:pass) redirects the user back to the Automation page.
Test Case 5: Verify navigating back to the Automation page after successful authentication.